everyone come back for some more slide
through your honor loan fees and we're
gonna go steal the boat awesome
so instead of taking a long way let's
just jump on these life preservers into
the catapult
I've been looking forward to this every
thief dreams of one day stealing a
pirate ship I don't know what it is but
it's like a total rite of passage this
is gonna be great watch the text you
this whole place is going to get lit up
with guards the rest of the team won't
stand a chance come on pal this is me
you're talking to I'm like a fourth
degree black belt at this kind of stuff
okay so let's quietly her glider way
down and quietly meet Maria at the
jolly-boat
looks like they mined the harbour after
our last boat trip must have really
spooked these guys huh looks close -
chin down just before hot sucks
these guys out if you haven't guessed we
need to do this quietly
so the silent obliteration comes in
perfectly here not sure if that's
required or not but I think so but okay
that's one too
last but not least this guy's stuff
let's get it be an three we're done okay
guys the coast is clear come on up how'd
you get the panicking on there okay the
rest of the gang is below deck let's
fire this puppy up
once we raise the sales that get
underway it won't be long before someone
I'm sure raises an alarm no problem we
waited that Harbor Patrol
the coast is clear you guys did a great
job but they still have cannons mounted
up and smoke keep I figure it's log-odds
they get gun crews into position before
we're out of range but it's worth
mentioning then let's make full sail for
the mouth of the harbor if you guys are
ready I say we do it now every second we
dilly-dally it just puts us at more risk
agreed Murray take up the anchor Bently
get down below deck and adjust the
ballast I'll hoist the sails and get
this thing moving and your ship has
health well two health bars one for each
side and you don't have to hold down the
sprint button to go about the place
which is actually really convenient
I see why
all right
now here's the fun part this entire okay
so here is the C chart this is actually
really cool because hmm it's like a
little wolves in the world they try
something this actually paid off pretty
well so what you want to do is excuse me
you want to head towards the X that's
the first thing that I do here
and as Bentley was saying the wind blows
from the south so that means you have to
keep going at come northern direction or
else you're not gonna go to my where
much of anywhere see like if you're
going down not that great just kind of
like shifted her chest in the sea they
give you coins not much but yeah it's
still free money mmm go your way here we
go we made it ashore
okay this part is the trickier part this
is boat fighting or go fighting ship the
ship combat the we want to do is the
main response of the boat or the front
of the back for example if you hit the
boat in the back or in the front you'll
do like a lot more damage than what
you'd normally would so like right here
boom there's a lot but unfortunately
it's not as accurate most the time these
cans will walk on to it automatically as
long as you a my right so
let's make our way this way and come on
turn move that's the two options you get
so just go after the captain don't worry
about the other guys too much to do
yeah that's basically it's more fighting
actually go and you get a free free
treasure here we go
mmm x marks the spot